chore(commands): Update documentation about how to develop che-dashboard (#203)
eclipse/che-dashboard: README.md

and start dev-server:

The start command requires to specify a remote Eclipse Che server like:
```sh
yarn start --env.server=https://che-che.192.168.99.100.nip.io
```

The development server serves the project on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

> note: To use Eclise Che Hosted by Red Hat instance at https://workspaces.openshift.com, use the fully qualified host name of the cluster.

Reviewer: technically it's not Eclipse Che
```suggestion
note: To use CodeReady Workspaces(based on Che) Hosted by Red Hat instance at https://workspaces.openshift.com, use the fully qualified host name of the cluster.
```

Author: yep thanks
